https://acoup.blog/feed/ interesting classics
https://amycastor.com/feed/ lolcrypto
https://apenwarr.ca/log/rss.php interesting technical
https://apod.nasa.gov/apod.rss interesting science
https://askamanager.com/feed/ work-leadership
https://datapythonista.me/blog/feeds/all.atom.xml work-technical
https://davidgerard.co.uk/blockchain/feed/ lolcrypto
https://eclecticlight.co/feed/ technical macos
http://feeds.kottke.org/main interesting
https://jacobian.org/index.xml work-leadership
https://kagifeedback.org/atom/t/release-notes updates
https://lethain.com/feeds.xml work-leadership
https://lithub.com/category/lit-hub-daily/feed/ interesting writing
https://motherduck.com/rss.xml work-technical
https://mrmacintosh.com/feed/ macos updates
https://nicole.express/feed.xml interesting technical
https://pluralistic.net/feed/ interesting
https://rachelbythebay.com/w/atom.xml interesting technical
https://ralphammer.com/feed/ interesting art
https://shkspr.mobi/blog/feed interesting
https://pudding.cool/feed/index.xml interesting
https://www.science.org/blogs/pipeline/feed interesting science
